Yuko is presumptuous
How my master exists
Aren't you a little dick
Silk can speak wildly
Sure, today.
I will teach you a good lesson for him
How is that possible?
I bleed from this punch
Even the peak grandmaster dare not answer
A little master
How could you take another punch from me?
How is that possible?
You already have a lot of great chefs in your house.
My disciple heard that you have good wine here
Take it out soon
Master
Who beat you up like this?
Yes, his master
This man pretends to be your master.
You must vent this evil breath for your disciple
Break up his dead body
Just ripped his stinky mouth apart
The earth doesn't shut up
The disciple meets the master
Snow
You really taught me a good disciple